# Deep-convolutional-neural-networks-for-sentiment-analysis-of-short-texts
Implementation of a deep convolutional neural network to analyze short texts, BS thesis, Fall 2021
## Abstract   
Sentiment analysis means identifying, extracting, quantifying, and studying emotional states and mental information in the text and often used by businesses today to identify emotions in social data, measure brand credibility, and understand customer feedback. With the advent and development of the Internet and social networks, the volume of short texts produced by users has increased. Short texts are usually semantically oriented and reflect the way of thinking and feelings of the authors. For this reason, they can be categorized semantically and emotionally. <br/>
In this project, we intend to use character-to-sentence information to analyze emotions in short texts using a deep convolutional neural network. The referred neural network calculates a score for each text labeled emotion (positive or negative). To calculate the score, the network receives a sequence of words in the sentence as input and passes them through a number of layers. By going through these layers, the properties of the text are extracted from the character level to the sentence level. For training, the Stanford Sentiment Treebank Database (SSTb) is used, which includes sentences from movie reviews. Finally, the accuracy and error in predicting emotions are evaluated by this model and the user can receive the tag prediction of the model by entering the sentences that he wants.

